README.md, before:

# ENERGY OUTREACH COLORADO
### KNOW THE TRUE LEVEL OF NEED IN CO

The general idea of the project is to provide an understanding of how much need is in a specific place.

The must haves of the project are that it:

1. Is printable. 
2. Easily used by non-technical users. This can be interpreted in two ways. One is just being able to provide a link to someone and then they have something they can reference and easily print out. The other way is whoever works

Stretch goal ideas:
* Automating data collection
* Add more types of data

V1 of the project
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/3/d/1e6nSz5Mw8kloFNkSN-xi2IjnSP_pclgJy7U1C1fBx68/edit?usp=sharing

## Backend Setup
1. Install python3

1. Navigate to the project folder and setup a virtual environment named `venv` by running the command:
`python3 -m venv venv`

1. Activate the virtual environment:
Find the proper activate script based on your OS and terminal.  https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

- For macOS terminal use: `source venv/bin/activate`

- Note: For macOS the venv can be deactivated by typing `deactivate` in the terminal

1. Navigate to the `backend` folder

1. Install dependencies:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

1. If adding new dependencies, update the requirements file by running:
`pip-chill > requirements.txt`

- We are using [`pip-chill`](https://pypi.org/project/pip-chill/) which will only list top-level requirements.

1. Start the server
`uvicorn main:app --reload`

1. Navigate to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/` to view the server locally

Commit message:

Updated tests for redis, redis helper to mock the current time, datasets for various non-cache and cache scenarios, updated readme to include the .env file

README.md, after:

# ENERGY OUTREACH COLORADO
### KNOW THE TRUE LEVEL OF NEED IN CO

The general idea of the project is to provide an understanding of how much need is in a specific place.

The must haves of the project are that it:

1. Is printable. 
2. Easily used by non-technical users. This can be interpreted in two ways. One is just being able to provide a link to someone and then they have something they can reference and easily print out. The other way is whoever works

Stretch goal ideas:
* Automating data collection
* Add more types of data

V1 of the project
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/3/d/1e6nSz5Mw8kloFNkSN-xi2IjnSP_pclgJy7U1C1fBx68/edit?usp=sharing

## Backend Setup
1. Install python3

1. Navigate to the project folder and setup a virtual environment named `venv` by running the command:
`python3 -m venv venv`

1. Activate the virtual environment:
Find the proper activate script based on your OS and terminal.  https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

    - For macOS terminal use: `source venv/bin/activate`

    - Note: For macOS the venv can be deactivated by typing `deactivate` in the terminal

1. Navigate to the `backend` folder

1. Install dependencies:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

1. If adding new dependencies, update the requirements file by running:
`pip-chill > requirements.txt`

    - We are using [`pip-chill`](https://pypi.org/project/pip-chill/) which will only list top-level requirements.

1. Add the `.env` file to the `backend` folder

1. Start the server
`uvicorn main:app --reload`

1. Navigate to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/` to view the server locally
